1.

Never lose waistline

Escape Story: Overlord Please Roll Away a Bit

View Details

I sat on the edge of the bed, calmly lighting a cigarette: "Don't be upset, I'll take care of you."

The man opened up the blanket, revealing his cold and stern face, with hard lips curled into a smirk. He raised his long finger to point at my chin: "Women, is this how you want to attract my attention? Hmm?"

I didn't move a muscle, quietly shifting his hand away: "No, no..."

I don't know what it would take to lose one of my kidneys, but I was willing to do anything to avoid being disliked by this man. In fact, I had always dreamed of becoming the heroine of a CEO novel, "The CEO Finally Regrets It", and now I had finally entered that world.

In this unfamiliar world, I could only rely on my intuition about the plot to survive.

Another half month, Zhao Lian Hao's white moonlight Qin Zhanhao was going to return. If I wasn't mistaken, he would be back in two days' time, and the second day after his return, he would dig up the girl who owned me, that is, myself Qin Yuyan. The cold male second lead Li Chuan would secretly take me away after my surgery.

My current priority was to keep my kidney safe.

Suddenly, I had a brilliant idea. If Li Chuan could bear with me, why not do it now?

But I didn't know where to look for him, my stomach was churning with anxiety, and why hadn't I given him a household address? It seemed like only one way: to pray for good luck.

While I was lost in worry, I suddenly remembered that the star Lin Wuyu was going to visit me today. My memory told me she was deliberately coming to cause trouble, deliberately falling down from the staircase and accusing me.

Considering my current situation, I could only hide. But this was Zhao Lian Hao's territory, no matter where I hid, he would find me.

I thought it over, decided to stay in the bathroom.

This time, Lin Wuyu should be here soon, so I stuck close to the door and listened carefully outside. There were indeed people moving around outside.

"Zhao Liao, I'm waiting for you! Oh, by the way, didn't Qin Yuyan just go back?"

I heard her mention me, and I reflexively took a step back, but my foot kicked over a bottle of Wei Mung Beer, making me jump with surprise. I quickly decided to take the initiative: "Lin Wuyu, I'm using the bathroom right now!"

Zhao Lian Hao's expression was uncooperative: "Qin Yuyan, you've been in here for an hour already."

"I, uh, have a constipation problem," I stuttered.

He sneered at me: "Where did you get that?"

My face turned bright red, and Lin Wuyu's face turned white. I had never regretted my actions more than this moment. I was the author, after all, and no one knew my password better than I did!

I excitedly pressed in: 123456

Click!

The door opened.

First thing on my mind when I got out was going to the market to buy a pig's waistline.

I carried the pig's waistline to the hospital, where I found the doctor who wanted to dig up my kidney.
